Brother Zhao takes your things because he looks up to you.
Zhang Xiaoqian
My father picked you up from the street when I was a maid
Why didn't I find you so vicious?
Shut up, who used to be your maid?
Stop spouting here
Is that you?
Zhang Xiaoqian died after my father
You see my family wrecked and marry me
Dragging your minions to help you have a good day
After you enter the sect, climb Zhaolin Peak
Take revenge
You will humiliate me in the future
This one by one sword
Can you deny it?
You are also infinite
The jungle eats the jungle.
I follow Senior Brother Zhao and have the support of big fingers
The cultivation resources obtained
How can it be a powerless waste like you?
I can give it.
What are you talking to this kind of trash?
Give it to me
Bring me his cultivation resources
Cultivation resources
Aren't you afraid of following the rules?
Hahaha compliance
My mother is the eldest nephew in charge of the Law Enforcement Hall
I now say that you voluntarily transfer the cultivation resources to me
Who dares to deny
Hehe, Brother Zhao is right
I saw Ye Wuzhi with my own eyes
Volunteer to give cultivation resources to Senior Brother Zhao
Please wait for the black and white beasts to come
Come if you don't grab it
Haha Ye Wuji
You don't want to do this anymore?
You are just a second-grade, why ask for trouble?
Don't obediently dedicate resources to Senior Brother Zhao
What are you hiding here for?
No need to practice, right?